1. How does quality management help decrease overhead?

 By reducing the number of errors that are an expense to the organization
 
Question 1
Your quality management plan uses a panel of experienced users to preview new features. You find the benefit of this preview process is that it reduces the amount of time and money spent to implement features that users are not eager to use. Which of the following describes this benefit of your quality management plan?

Decreased overhead

Question 2
What term refers to the requirements and specifications that your product must meet in order to be considered successful by your stakeholders?

Quality standards

Question 2
Which of the following are common resources for determining quality standards? Select all that apply.

Industry research
Business case documents

3.
Question 3
You are creating a quality management plan for a product redesign. You employ a panel of customers to do two tasks: preview new features and rate the desirability of new features. What aspect of quality management does your preview process represent?

Quality assurance

3.
Question 3
What is the purpose of quality assurance in quality management?

To decrease overhead
To evaluate and measure how well your project meets its goals

4.
Question 4
There are two main categories of evaluation questions: Questions that ask how you can make improvements and questions that help you measure and compare outcomes. Which of the following questions intends to help you make improvements?

What are the most common participant reactions?

There are two main categories of evaluation questions: Questions that ask how you can make improvements and questions that help you measure and compare outcomes. Which of the following questions intends to help you make improvements?


What were the results of this evaluation?

5.
Question 5
You are evaluating a customer experience initiative that you manage for an online clothing store. Which of the following evaluation indicators would answer this evaluation question: Are customers paying attention to our email newsletters?

Customers redeem store coupons 25% more often.

Question 5
You are evaluating a customer experience initiative that you manage for a large grocery store. Which of the following evaluation indicators would answer the evaluation question: Is advertising on large billboards improving store sales?

Store revenue has increased by 15% over the last quarter.

6.
Question 6
Your quality management plan for a product redesign project includes beta testing to preview new features. You ask beta test participants this question: “On a scale of 1 to 5 (where 1= “almost never” and 5= “all the time”), how often would you use this feature?” What type of survey question is this an example of?

A close-ended scaled question

You are creating a survey about the implementation of a new tool in your company. You include the question “How many times have you used the new tool this week?” The answer options are “zero times,” “1-2 times,” “3-4 times,” and “more than 4 times.” What type of survey question are you asking?

A close-ended multiple choice question
7.
Question 7
What is one element that helps an audience visualize data during a presentation?

Use graphics or charts to show data.

7.
Question 7
You need to prepare an evaluation presentation for one of your project’s senior stakeholders. Which of the following presentation styles would be most appropriate for your audience?

A one-page write-up of information relevant to their investment in the project.

7.
Question 7
In addition to a full-summary report, what are two other ways that you can present information in a timely manner during a presentation? Select all that apply.

By using a summary sheet
By using a slide-based presentation

8.
Question 8
As a project manager, what is your role during a retrospective? Select all that apply.

Manage the tone of the discussion
Ensure all team members feel included
identify details to include in the retrospective document

9.
Question 9
What is the most important reason to get high participation in your retrospectives?

High participation increases the chance for meaningful process improvements.


Question 9
As a project manager, you are leading a project retrospective. You start the meeting by reminding the team that no stakeholders or customers are involved in this meeting. What technique are you using to encourage participation in the retrospective? 

Create a safe environment



As a project manager, you are leading a project retrospective. You are nervous your team might not participate. You start the meeting by discussing a mistake that delayed the project by a couple of days. What technique are you using to encourage participation in the retrospective? 

Model participation

Question 10
As a project manager, you are leading a project retrospective. You start by discussing some negative feedback about a new feature that was left by beta testers. What technique are you using to encourage team accountability in the retrospective?

Come prepared with specific challenges to discuss.
